So then did you go to Moira Terrace for services as well?
Or what?
Well, yes, but only in the beginning,
because by that time I was engaged.
And I went back to the Orthodox.
So you met Louis by then, so yeah.
Mm-hmm.
Where was the youth club?
When you met in the temple of Peter, it was a youth club.
It was actually in Lake Road East,
Right.
in the home of somebody called Maxon Myra Corn,
and he was one of those who started the reform in Cardiff.
And they had a cinema in there.
He was actually involved in film work,
and so they allowed us to use the cinema.
Right.
And we had our meetings there.
At the cinema?
Yes.
Or his home?
At the cinema.
Did you put on some plays there?
No.
Did you say?
No, no.
Okay, right.
So what did you do at the youth club?
Well, we arranged talks among ourselves,
and we did have some play readings.
Okay, yeah.
And then we did outdoor activities.
We used to go and we were affiliated to,
you know, other clubs around the country
and other reform clubs, and we'd get together.
It was very nice.
So did you miss that when you went back to...
Well, no, because I was getting married,
so it didn't matter.
Actually, I was still producing for the reform
after I was married.
Producing?
Yes, these Hanukkah plays.
Okay, so where did they do the Hanukkah plays?
In the synagogue?
Yes.
Okay.
In Moira Terrace.
Yeah.
Can you tell me some more about that?
How did you get people involved in that?
No.
I mean, the children came and I selected the cast.
I did do one play, a put-and-play in the orthodox.